docs: v1.3 (#7160)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Concepts/concepts-publish.md

The response content depends on your flow. Make sure the endpoint returns a successful response.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="curl" label="curl" default>

The **cURL** tab displays sample code for posting a query to your flow.

Copy the code and run it to post a query to your flow and get the result.

The response content depends on your flow. Make sure the endpoint returns a successful response.

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### Temporary overrides

The **Temporary overrides** tab displays the available parameters for your flow.
Modifying the parameters changes the code parameters across all windows.

> For example, changing the **Chat Input** component's `input_value` will change that value across all API calls to the `/run` endpoint of this flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, changing the **Chat Input** component's `input_value` changes that value across all API calls to the `/run` endpoint of this flow.
```
